add initial svalboard configuration and keymap (#21257)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/svalboard/readme.md

# Svalboard RP2040

![Svalboard](https://www.svalboard.com)

Svalboard - Datahand Forever!

Keyboard Maintainer: [morganvenable](https://github.com/morganvenable/) [@morganmoto](https://twitter.com/morganmoto)  
Hardware Supported: RP2040, Svalboard Alpha 
Hardware Availability: [Store](https://www.svalboard.com)

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

```sh
make svalboard:default
```

See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).

## Bootloader

> RP2040 should boot into mass storage for FW loading when both buttons are pressed, or if the reset button is double-tapped.  TBD

Author: TBD because of a dumb schematic gaffe.  Not sure if I'm going to blue-wire the next few sets :shrug:

# Svalboard RP2040

> ![Svalboard](https://www.svalboard.com)

Reviewer: This is meant to be an image, not a plain link.

Svalboard - Datahand Forever!

Keyboard Maintainer: [morganvenable](https://github.com/morganvenable/) [@morganmoto](https://twitter.com/morganmoto)  
Hardware Supported: RP2040, Svalboard Alpha 
Hardware Availability: [Store](https://www.svalboard.com)

> Build example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):
> ```
> qmk compile -kb svalboard -km default
> ```
> You can then copy the UF2 file from your qmk_firmware root directory to the device's drive letter.
> 
> Or you can flash directly with:
> ```
> qmk flash --keyboard svalboard --keymap default
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make svalboard:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make svalboard:default:flash

```
